[14.0][ADD] mrp_subcontracting_resupply_link: New module. (#837)
OCA/manufacture: mrp_subcontracting_resupply_link/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds the relationship between the purchase order and resupply and from resupply to the purchase order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds convenient links between a purchase order with subcontracting products
and their raw materials resupply pickings.
```
